Add docs for transparent proxy mode and config (#10038)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/transparent-proxy.mdx

mode = "transparent"
transparent_proxy {
  outbound_listener_port = 15001
}
```
```
# Proxy service registrations apply to a single proxy instance.
name = "web-sidecar-proxy"
kind = "connect-proxy"
proxy {
  mode = "transparent"
  transparent_proxy {
    outbound_listener_port = 15001
  }
  destination_service_name = "web"
  local_service_port = 8080
}
port = 20000
```

Similar to `mesh_gateway.mode`, the new proxy mode will have the following string values:
* "" - The empty string represents the default value for the feature, and allows for the mode to be overridden by
central configuration, like “service-defaults”.
* "direct" - Explicitly disables configuring transparent proxy, falling back to only configuring explicit upstreams.
* "transparent" - Explicitly enables configuring transparent proxy.

Additionally, the new Cluster config entry is scoped to the set of federated Consul datacenters and can be used to allow or block
traffic to external destinations. This example shows blocking traffic to external destinations (outside of Consul's catalog):

```
kind = "cluster"
name = "cluster"

transparent_proxy {
  catalog_destinations_only = true
}
```

## Known Limitations

> * For services on VMs, transparent proxy is only supported if there is one service per VM. This is because the traffic
> redirection rules are applicable to the whole VM and are responsible for directing traffic from one service to it’s
> sidecar proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For services on VMs, transparent proxy only supports one service per VM, or per network namespace. This is because the traffic
redirection rules are applicable to the entire namespace (incl. default namespace) and will directing all outbound traffic from the service to it’s sidecar proxy.
```
